he's the best con artist in american
history before he turned 19 years old he
scanned four million dollars he posed as
a pilot he flew free from more than
three million kilometers through 26
nations he posed as a pediatrician and
even managed to become the head of
department
this is a story about a con artist which
was adapted for the big screen
catch me if you can the main character
is frank a 16 year old boy
mischievous and handsome young frank
hasn't become a scammer yet if you
wonder how he becomes a notorious
scammer it's simple because life fools
him first
frank's dad is a great businessman he
was respected by many his parents are
deeply in love and their relationship is
so strong frank was a happy boy
until one day he realized that he had
been fooled his dad isn't god his
business failed they almost went
bankrupt
even the car was taken by the bank they
moved from a big mansion to a small
rented apartment
but they blamed all of this on the
systematic injustice of the american
government
after that he knew he had been fooled
once again his mom wasn't really in love
with his dad she was having an affair
with his dad's friend
frank was forced to move into another
school he wore the uniform vest
who would have known he becomes the
target of a bully almost right away
when he entered the classroom the bully
tells him he looks like a substitute
teacher frank has a stroke of genius and
it's all enough
he steps to the board and writes his
name i am your substitute teacher that
bully is dumbfounded
all the other students don't react so
frank yells take your seats
he looks like a real teacher so everyone
falls for it frank even calls the bully
to stand up and read his work when the
real substitute teacher arrives she's an
old and fragile lady it only takes a few
quick lies from frank to convince her
that he
is the substitute of course the truth
still comes out but it takes another
week others realize he's managed to
pretend to be a teacher for one whole
week the principal demands to meet his
parents
while he is talking with them outside
the principal's room frank shows his
amazing observation skills again with
one glance at the leave request form of
a female student he knows that it's fake
because it doesn't have a fold after
that
life rules in one last time his parents
are divorcing it makes him want to break
down
frank runs away from home he starts his
journey right now he's 17 years old but
without money what can he do
frank starts forging fake checks his
early work is very simple he scratches
off numbers on him he uses a pen to fill
in different numbers
then he sticks a fake name on it but no
one falls for that kind of forgery he
pretends to be a successful person but
that doesn't work same for pretending to
be poor he also gets called out for
faking illness
but then he sees a pilot a pilot was a
well-respected job back then they were
always surrounded by hot chicks and kids
even asked for the signature so frank
forms a new plan
first he poses as a reporter to
interview the ceo of an airline company
he learns a lot of important information
from that he successfully forges a fake
pilot's license and calls the airline
company pretending to be a pilot
he asks for the uniform workshop's
location he orders a uniform from them
from then frank is a pilot he is
respected by people on the streets with
his borrowed identity he can use his
fake checks at the bank without any
suspicion and his forging technique
improves day by day
he purchases the plane model he takes
the symbol of the airline company from
it and he sticks it onto the check
finally he can trade it for huge sums of
money he starts to buy a lot of play
models to forge a huge number of fake
checks
in a short time his level of trickery
has increased a lot he poses as a pilot
to get on the plane he even dates one of
the flight attendants everything goes
smoothly but he isn't satisfied
what makes a 17 year old teenager become
the most notorious scam artist in
america
i think it's his confidence and
extremely acute observation skills look
at him he is checking the bank tellers
he is looking to pick a target who seems
inexperienced he starts flirting with
her
cash this check here and then i'd like
to take you out for a steak dinner
look it's very important after that the
girl takes frank on a tour inside the
bank she even shows him the check
printer because of that
he purchases a magnetic ink character
reader from an out of business bank
his fake checks look even more real the
money he makes from them has grown
significantly but that draws the
attention of the fbi heading the
investigation into frank is an fbi
employee
carl this is an interesting guy he takes
it very seriously
but he obviously doesn't have much
experience he must be caught as soon as
possible
that day he goes to frank's residence
holding his gun and taking a deep breath
this is frank's room but where is he
there is someone in the bathroom
fbi he comes out it's frank but he looks
very chill he casually introduces his
room to carl in contrast carl is very
tense
he keeps yelling this time frank slowly
says he is also here for him he is from
the secret service you think that you
are the only one after him i've just
caught him carl doubts this
he wants to see his badge frank gives
his wallet to carl his wallet is very
hard to open frank tells carl to look
out the window there is a blind resident
being helped into the back of a car
frank says that he is frank being
arrested
finally carl decides to put his gun away
this time frank asks for carl's match he
gives it to
after that he takes his stuff and leaves
carl sneezes and then he sits down on
the bed he begins to sense that
something isn't right he opens the
wallet
there are only condiment labels inside
realization dawns they just let the most
notorious trickster in america walk away
after escaping frank feels more
confident he even pretends to be double
07. he lives as a great spy
looks and wealth bringing countless
flings but is he really happy
not at all on christmas eve while he was
working carl receives a phone call
it's frank frank calls to chat with him
he says that he was in room 3113
at the xx hotel and the car can come to
arrest him carl doesn't trust him
but he suddenly laughs he voices frank's
thoughts out loud
living like that he must feel so lonely
frank immediately hangs up
he leaves the hotel it really was room
he didn't fool carl he must know that
carl won't believe him after that call
carl guesses that frank must be a
teenager from new york he starts to
investigate all the runaway teenagers
from new york and he quickly discovers
frank's real identity
in the meantime the lonely frank decides
to change his life
one day he sees a nurse being scolded by
a doctor her crying looks lovely
and innocent at the same time frank
feels a little crushed for her yes
the notorious thief has fell in love
with the naivis girl on earth with some
chit chat he manages to make her laugh
after that he forges a harvard
graduation certificate and then he
applies for a job at the hospital
becoming the head of department he
spends his time flirting and doing
everything a head of department must do
but when he sees an injured child with
his own eyes he realizes he can't handle
it he runs straight into the bathroom
and pukes after all he is only a fraud
after that he decides to change his
career while visiting his girlfriend's
home he knows
that her dad was a well-respected lawyer
he sticks to his habit and starts lying
while eating with him before i became a
doctor i was training to be a lawyer too
he ends up being confronted by her dad
he and frank have a private talk he asks
him what he really wanted with his
daughter frank puts on a genuine face
i'm nothing really i'm just a kid who's
in love with your daughter
in a quick moment he is accepted since
then he believes his words he even makes
him an assistant for a state court judge
the biggest question about the most
notorious trickster in america is not
how did he manage to fool countless
people but how did he pass the lawyer
examination
because this exam cannot be forged the
answer is right here
first let's listen to frank's story his
father-in-law respects him a lot he
makes him an assistant for a well-known
lawyer he even takes him for dinner with
the state governor unfortunately
on the wedding night the fbi finds him
frank can sense the dangers near he runs
back to his room and prepares his stuff
his suitcase is filled with checks but
he can't be a fraud anymore he packs
things up and
leaves but sadly he can't convince his
girlfriend to go with him because of
this the fbi has raised a threat level
in miami airport to the highest frank's
appearance was discovered a long time
ago it almost seems like there is no
escape week for frank but he's the most
notorious trickster in america he is
part of an idea he uses his pilot
identity and goes to a university in
miami he says that he wants to choose
eight beautiful girls to be flight
attendants he interviews the girls and
chooses the eight most attractive he
lets them surround him and goes into the
airport if he can't escape sneakily
he has to do it with full chaos every
fbi employee who passes by then gets
distracted by their beauty
no one notices the wanted criminal walk
among them frank also hires a bunch of
people to pretend to be suspicious
targets they attract the fbi's attention
using diversion techniques and frank has
successfully escaped once again he
visits and scans many places in europe
until seven months later he becomes a
police target again one day
carl goes to catch frank along he comes
to frank's czech manufacturing facility
seeing kyle frank doesn't look surprised
but he seems cheerful
carl says outside there are 20 police
with guns waiting for you i've convinced
them to let me come inside and arrest
you frank doesn't believe me but carl
climbing says this is the truth
if you go outside alone you will get
shots immediately frank still doesn't
believe it he wants to go outside
finally frank believes it he tells carl
to put him in cuffs when they go outside
no one is there frank laughs the
trickster finally gets tricked but
that's not true the police really come
there are a lot of officers they handle
him roughly many months later carl
finally finishes his paperwork to bring
frank back to the us to be trialed on
the plane carl delivers frank bad news
his dad has died this makes frank break
down
he runs into the bathroom crying out
with despair
[Music]
until the blame lands frank hasn't come
out yet when they break the door they
meet an empty bathroom
where is frank he escapes through a door
under the toilet the plane has just
landed he must have jumped from it this
time he doesn't hide
he goes straight to his mom's house
looking through the window he sees his
mum's new family
peaceful and happy they even have a
little girl the sister that he has never
seen before after all those years spent
running from home
this is everything he has ever dreamed
of but in the end he still can't find it
what if he could have had this if he
hadn't run away in the first place
the police arrive frank goes into the
police car on his own he doesn't want to
bother them frank has to serve 12 years
in prison a few years later
carl suddenly comes to him it turns out
he needs his help he gives frank a fake
check frank immediately says that this
criminal used to work at the bank he
tells him the clues each detail he gives
is truly unique and shows his competence
after that
the fbi gave frank a job the notorious
scam artist from the past has become a
talented detective
he is really busy now working non-stop
with unending workload
one day he thinks of escaping should he
one weekend he poses as a pilot to run
away but carl notices
if you run away there is no turnover for
you he says that living and lies is
actually really easy
but living like that aside from the
emptiness you won't get anything carl
doesn't force him he lets him decide on
his own not long after that
frank comes back to work he's not a
child anymore he knows carl is the only
one on earth who wants to save him a
spot
at the end of the movie carl asks him
how the hell did you pass your lawyer
exam
i didn't cheat i studied for two weeks
and i passed frank abigail in real life
has become a master in anti-fraud he is
famous worldwide he's designed one super
safe check
and the 500 biggest companies and
countless banks around the world has to
pay him millions of dollars every year
you